Explain what the following code is attempting to do? You can explain by:
Explaining how the highlighted constructs work?
Giving use-cases of what these constructs could be used for.
What is the significance of the for loop with 4 iterations?
What is the significance of make(chan func(), 10)?
Why is “HERE1” not getting printed?

package main

import "fmt"

func main() {
    cnp := make(chan func(), 10)
    for i := 0; i < 4; i++ {
        go func() {
            for f := range cnp {
                f()
            }
        }()
    }
    cnp <- func() {
        fmt.Println("HERE1")
    }
    fmt.Println("Hello")
}

1. Here this example is demonstrating how to properly coordinate goroutines 
   and manage concurrent tasks using channels in Go.

2. Firstly we create a buffered channel cnp that can hold up to 10 function values.
   Then we have a loop which iterates 4 times, each iteration launching a new goroutine. 
   The range over the channel keeps the goroutine running until the channel is closed.
   Next we have a line that sends a function (that prints "HERE1") into the cnp channel.
   Since the channel is buffered,it can hold the function until one of the goroutines retrieves and executes it.
   Finally, we have the main function print statement "Hello".

 3. These constructs can be used for showing the working of the"Concurrency" model in Golang.

 4. Here the for loop with 4 iterations is used to show how we launch 4 goroutines to do different tasks concurrently.

 5. make(chan func(), 10)
    This creates a buffered channel with capacity 10, allowing up to 10 function values to be sent without blocking.

 6. The reason "HERE1" is not getting printed is due to the program terminating before the goroutines have a chance to execute the function.
    The main function sends a function to the channel and immediately prints "Hello" before exiting.
    When the main function exits, the program terminates, potentially before the goroutines have processed the function from the channel. 
    
